# Machine Learning (Training and Evaluating Performance) - Module 20 Challenge

## Instructions
The instructions for this Challenge are divided into the following subsections:
1. Split the Data into Training and Testing Sets
2. Create a Logistic Regression Model with the Original Data
3. Write a Credit Risk Analysis Report

## Split the Data into Training and Testing Sets
Open the starter code notebook and use it to complete the following steps:
1. Read the lending_data.csv data from the Resources folder into a Pandas DataFrame.
2. Create the labels set (y) from the “loan_status” column, and then create the features (X) DataFrame from the remaining columns.
3. Split the data into training and testing datasets by using train_test_split.

## Create a Logistic Regression Model with the Original Data
Use your knowledge of logistic regression to complete the following steps:
1. Fit a logistic regression model by using the training data (X_train and y_train).
2. Save the predictions for the testing data labels by using the testing feature data (X_test) and the fitted model.
3. Evaluate the model’s performance by doing the following:
    - Generate a confusion matrix.
    - Print the classification report.
4. Answer the following question: How well does the logistic regression model predict both the 0 (healthy loan) and 1 (high-risk loan) labels?

## Write a Credit Risk Analysis Report
Write a brief report that includes a summary and analysis of the performance of the machine learning models that you used in this homework. Structure your report ensuring that it contains the following:
1. An overview of the analysis: Explain the purpose of this analysis.
2. The results: Using a bulleted list, describe the accuracy score, the precision score, and recall score of the machine learning model.
3. A summary: Summarize the results from the machine learning model. Include your justification for recommending the model for use by the company. If you don’t recommend the model, justify your reasoning.

## References
Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.

## Notes on Challenge Completion
To complete this challenge I utilized past in-class solved activites.